m = 4 n = 4
pop = 30 gen = 400
init...begin
greedy begin
actask = 1
分配的机器
0 
actask = 2
分配的机器
0 1 
actask = 3
分配的机器
0 1 2 
actask = 4
分配的机器
3 
after sort
*********************************
3 
0 1 2 

开始合并
after sort
*********************************
0 1 2 
3 

greedy done
新生成是否可行  1
贪心生成的机器序列
第0个机器
3 
第1个机器

第2个机器
0 1 2 
第3个机器

init...done
*****************************t=0*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 2 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 1 1 
id1 = 1 id2 = 3
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 1 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 2 
0 1 1 1 
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
1 generation time: 0.25 s
*****************************t=1*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 1 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 0 
id1 = 0 id2 = 2
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 2 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 0 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 1 
1 1 1 1 
id1 = 1 id2 = 3
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 3 0 
第3个机器: 2 
1 0 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 2 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 1 
1 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 1 0 
1 0 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
2 generation time: 0.44 s
*****************************t=2*****************************
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
3 generation time: 0.64 s
*****************************t=3*****************************
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
4 generation time: 0.85 s
*****************************t=4*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 0 1 
5 generation time: 1.07 s
*****************************t=5*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
6 generation time: 1.35 s
*****************************t=6*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 2 3 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
id1 = 3 id2 = 2
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 3 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 0 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 1 
id1 = 1 id2 = 3
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 0 
7 generation time: 1.61 s
*****************************t=7*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
8 generation time: 1.94 s
*****************************t=8*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 2 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 2 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
9 generation time: 2.25 s
*****************************t=9*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
id1 = 2 id2 = 1
10 generation time: 2.53 s
*****************************t=10*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
11 generation time: 2.88 s
*****************************t=11*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 3 0 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
12 generation time: 3.21 s
*****************************t=12*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 2 
第1个机器: 0 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 0 2 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 2 3 
0 1 0 0 
id1 = 1 id2 = 0
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 1 2 0 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
13 generation time: 3.54 s
*****************************t=13*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 0 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 0 1 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
14 generation time: 3.84 s
*****************************t=14*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
15 generation time: 4.18 s
*****************************t=15*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 0 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 1 
id1 = 0 id2 = 2
16 generation time: 4.51 s
*****************************t=16*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 3 0 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
17 generation time: 4.81 s
*****************************t=17*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
id1 = 2 id2 = 3
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
18 generation time: 5.09 s
*****************************t=18*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
id1 = 1 id2 = 0
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 3 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 3 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
id1 = 2 id2 = 1
19 generation time: 5.40 s
*****************************t=19*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
20 generation time: 5.71 s
*****************************t=20*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 2 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 0 
21 generation time: 6.02 s
*****************************t=21*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 2 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 2 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
22 generation time: 6.37 s
*****************************t=22*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
23 generation time: 6.72 s
*****************************t=23*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 1 
24 generation time: 7.09 s
*****************************t=24*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 1 
25 generation time: 7.38 s
*****************************t=25*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 2 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 2 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 0 0 
26 generation time: 7.59 s
*****************************t=26*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 2 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
27 generation time: 7.86 s
*****************************t=27*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 2 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 0 1 2 3 
0 1 1 0 
28 generation time: 8.16 s
*****************************t=28*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
id1 = 0 id2 = 1
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 0 1 
id1 = 0 id2 = 3
29 generation time: 8.44 s
*****************************t=29*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 1 
30 generation time: 8.74 s
*****************************t=30*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
1 0 1 1 
id1 = 0 id2 = 2
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 1 
31 generation time: 9.03 s
*****************************t=31*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
32 generation time: 9.33 s
*****************************t=32*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
1 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 0 0 
33 generation time: 9.61 s
*****************************t=33*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
1 0 0 0 
34 generation time: 9.90 s
*****************************t=34*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 2 0 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
35 generation time: 10.23 s
*****************************t=35*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 1 
id1 = 2 id2 = 3
36 generation time: 10.52 s
*****************************t=36*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
37 generation time: 10.80 s
*****************************t=37*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 3 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
38 generation time: 11.11 s
*****************************t=38*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
39 generation time: 11.41 s
*****************************t=39*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 0 3 
0 1 0 0 
40 generation time: 11.70 s
*****************************t=40*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 1 
41 generation time: 12.00 s
*****************************t=41*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
42 generation time: 12.28 s
*****************************t=42*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 0 2 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
43 generation time: 12.56 s
*****************************t=43*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
44 generation time: 12.94 s
*****************************t=44*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
45 generation time: 13.32 s
*****************************t=45*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 1 
id1 = 3 id2 = 1
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
46 generation time: 13.62 s
*****************************t=46*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 2 
1 0 0 1 
47 generation time: 13.90 s
*****************************t=47*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
48 generation time: 14.23 s
*****************************t=48*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
id1 = 3 id2 = 1
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
49 generation time: 14.54 s
*****************************t=49*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
id1 = 1 id2 = 0
50 generation time: 14.83 s
*****************************t=50*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
51 generation time: 15.11 s
*****************************t=51*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
52 generation time: 15.40 s
*****************************t=52*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 1 
53 generation time: 15.68 s
*****************************t=53*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 2 1 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 2 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
54 generation time: 15.96 s
*****************************t=54*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 1 
id1 = 3 id2 = 0
55 generation time: 16.25 s
*****************************t=55*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
1 0 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 1 
56 generation time: 16.55 s
*****************************t=56*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 2 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 1 
id1 = 1 id2 = 3
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 0 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
57 generation time: 16.74 s
*****************************t=57*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
id1 = 1 id2 = 0
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 0 2 
第3个机器: 3 
1 0 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 1 
第2个机器: 0 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
58 generation time: 16.92 s
*****************************t=58*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
59 generation time: 17.11 s
*****************************t=59*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 0 3 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
60 generation time: 17.30 s
*****************************t=60*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
61 generation time: 17.56 s
*****************************t=61*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
1 0 0 0 
id1 = 0 id2 = 0
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
62 generation time: 17.77 s
*****************************t=62*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 0 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
63 generation time: 18.01 s
*****************************t=63*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 1 
id1 = 3 id2 = 0
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 1 0 
64 generation time: 18.34 s
*****************************t=64*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
1 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
65 generation time: 18.82 s
*****************************t=65*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
66 generation time: 19.17 s
*****************************t=66*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
67 generation time: 19.58 s
*****************************t=67*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 1 
68 generation time: 19.87 s
*****************************t=68*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 1 
69 generation time: 20.16 s
*****************************t=69*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
70 generation time: 20.42 s
*****************************t=70*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 3 
1 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 3 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
insert to Collection
71 generation time: 20.66 s
*****************************t=71*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 3 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
72 generation time: 20.96 s
*****************************t=72*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 0 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
id1 = 1 id2 = 2
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
id1 = 2 id2 = 1
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
73 generation time: 21.25 s
*****************************t=73*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 3 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 
第2个机器: 2 1 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 2 1 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
74 generation time: 21.51 s
*****************************t=74*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 2 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 0 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
75 generation time: 21.78 s
*****************************t=75*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 1 
76 generation time: 22.08 s
*****************************t=76*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 0 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
id1 = 2 id2 = 1
77 generation time: 22.37 s
*****************************t=77*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
78 generation time: 22.66 s
*****************************t=78*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 2 1 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 3 
0 0 1 1 
79 generation time: 22.95 s
*****************************t=79*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 2 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
1 0 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 3 0 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
80 generation time: 23.26 s
*****************************t=80*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 0 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 2 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
81 generation time: 23.54 s
*****************************t=81*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 3 1 
第3个机器: 2 
1 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 0 
82 generation time: 23.81 s
*****************************t=82*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
83 generation time: 24.06 s
*****************************t=83*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 1 0 
84 generation time: 24.36 s
*****************************t=84*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 0 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
85 generation time: 24.62 s
*****************************t=85*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 1 
86 generation time: 24.88 s
*****************************t=86*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
87 generation time: 25.15 s
*****************************t=87*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 0 3 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 1 
88 generation time: 25.44 s
*****************************t=88*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
89 generation time: 25.70 s
*****************************t=89*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
90 generation time: 25.98 s
*****************************t=90*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
id1 = 1 id2 = 0
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 0 
91 generation time: 26.26 s
*****************************t=91*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 2 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 1 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 0 
1 0 1 1 
92 generation time: 26.54 s
*****************************t=92*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 0 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 2 3 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 2 3 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
93 generation time: 26.80 s
*****************************t=93*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
id1 = 1 id2 = 2
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 2 3 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
94 generation time: 27.07 s
*****************************t=94*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 1 
95 generation time: 27.34 s
*****************************t=95*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 0 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 0 0 0 
96 generation time: 27.64 s
*****************************t=96*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 2 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
97 generation time: 27.90 s
*****************************t=97*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 0 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 0 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
id1 = 1 id2 = 2
98 generation time: 28.18 s
*****************************t=98*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 2 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 2 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
99 generation time: 28.47 s
*****************************t=99*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
id1 = 0 id2 = 2
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 2 1 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 2 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
1 0 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
100 generation time: 28.75 s
*****************************t=100*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 2 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 3 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
101 generation time: 29.03 s
*****************************t=101*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 0 0 0 
102 generation time: 29.30 s
*****************************t=102*****************************
103 generation time: 29.56 s
*****************************t=103*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 0 3 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 3 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 2 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
id1 = 2 id2 = 0
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
104 generation time: 29.87 s
*****************************t=104*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 3 2 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
105 generation time: 30.22 s
*****************************t=105*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 0 
106 generation time: 30.51 s
*****************************t=106*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 0 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 0 0 0 
107 generation time: 30.84 s
*****************************t=107*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 3 0 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
108 generation time: 31.13 s
*****************************t=108*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 3 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
109 generation time: 31.46 s
*****************************t=109*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 2 3 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 3 2 1 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
110 generation time: 31.76 s
*****************************t=110*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
111 generation time: 32.05 s
*****************************t=111*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
id1 = 2 id2 = 1
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 2 1 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 2 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 3 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 1 
112 generation time: 32.35 s
*****************************t=112*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 2 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
113 generation time: 32.65 s
*****************************t=113*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 3 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 2 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
114 generation time: 32.94 s
*****************************t=114*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 0 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
115 generation time: 33.22 s
*****************************t=115*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 2 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
id1 = 0 id2 = 2
116 generation time: 33.52 s
*****************************t=116*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
117 generation time: 33.80 s
*****************************t=117*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 2 1 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
118 generation time: 34.08 s
*****************************t=118*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 2 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
1 0 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
id1 = 3 id2 = 1
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 1 
119 generation time: 34.36 s
*****************************t=119*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 3 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 0 3 2 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 3 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 0 
120 generation time: 34.65 s
*****************************t=120*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 3 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 3 
1 0 1 1 
121 generation time: 34.97 s
*****************************t=121*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 3 
0 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 0 3 
0 0 1 0 
122 generation time: 35.29 s
*****************************t=122*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 2 0 1 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 0 1 3 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
123 generation time: 35.60 s
*****************************t=123*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
124 generation time: 35.95 s
*****************************t=124*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 3 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 1 2 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 3 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
id1 = 2 id2 = 0
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 1 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
125 generation time: 36.36 s
*****************************t=125*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
126 generation time: 36.66 s
*****************************t=126*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 0 1 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 0 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 0 1 
1 0 1 0 
127 generation time: 37.00 s
*****************************t=127*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
128 generation time: 37.35 s
*****************************t=128*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 0 
第2个机器: 3 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
129 generation time: 37.65 s
*****************************t=129*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 3 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 2 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 3 
1 0 1 0 
id1 = 2 id2 = 0
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
130 generation time: 37.95 s
*****************************t=130*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 3 
第1个机器: 0 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
131 generation time: 38.28 s
*****************************t=131*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 2 3 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
id1 = 1 id2 = 2
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
id1 = 2 id2 = 1
132 generation time: 38.63 s
*****************************t=132*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
1 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 0 1 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
id1 = 1 id2 = 2
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 0 
133 generation time: 38.91 s
*****************************t=133*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 3 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
134 generation time: 39.25 s
*****************************t=134*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 3 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 3 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
135 generation time: 39.60 s
*****************************t=135*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 2 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 2 
第1个机器: 0 3 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 2 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 3 
1 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 0 1 
136 generation time: 39.91 s
*****************************t=136*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
137 generation time: 40.27 s
*****************************t=137*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
1 0 1 0 
id1 = 0 id2 = 2
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
id1 = 0 id2 = 1
138 generation time: 40.61 s
*****************************t=138*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
1 0 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
id1 = 1 id2 = 2
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 2 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
139 generation time: 40.91 s
*****************************t=139*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 3 0 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 2 0 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 3 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 2 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 1 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
id1 = 1 id2 = 2
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
id1 = 1 id2 = 2
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
140 generation time: 41.23 s
*****************************t=140*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 3 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 2 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
141 generation time: 41.54 s
*****************************t=141*****************************
142 generation time: 41.85 s
*****************************t=142*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 2 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
id1 = 1 id2 = 2
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 3 
第2个机器: 0 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 0 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
143 generation time: 42.11 s
*****************************t=143*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 0 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
144 generation time: 42.50 s
*****************************t=144*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
145 generation time: 42.85 s
*****************************t=145*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 1 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 2 
第1个机器: 0 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
146 generation time: 43.39 s
*****************************t=146*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 0 3 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 2 0 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
147 generation time: 43.71 s
*****************************t=147*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
148 generation time: 44.11 s
*****************************t=148*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
id1 = 2 id2 = 0
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 1 
149 generation time: 44.56 s
*****************************t=149*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 3 0 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
150 generation time: 45.01 s
*****************************t=150*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 2 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 0 0 
151 generation time: 45.30 s
*****************************t=151*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 2 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 2 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 1 
id1 = 3 id2 = 0
152 generation time: 45.64 s
*****************************t=152*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 3 0 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
id1 = 1 id2 = 0
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 2 
第3个机器: 1 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 1 
id1 = 3 id2 = 1
153 generation time: 45.91 s
*****************************t=153*****************************
154 generation time: 46.28 s
*****************************t=154*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
1 0 1 0 
155 generation time: 46.58 s
*****************************t=155*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
156 generation time: 46.79 s
*****************************t=156*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 0 3 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 0 1 1 
157 generation time: 47.04 s
*****************************t=157*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 0 
158 generation time: 47.32 s
*****************************t=158*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 0 3 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 3 0 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 2 
第2个机器: 1 0 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 2 
第3个机器: 1 
0 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 2 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
1 0 0 1 
159 generation time: 47.62 s
*****************************t=159*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
1 0 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 1 
id1 = 1 id2 = 3
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 2 1 
第1个机器: 0 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
160 generation time: 47.96 s
*****************************t=160*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 2 3 0 1 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
161 generation time: 48.29 s
*****************************t=161*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 2 1 
第3个机器: 0 
0 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 3 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
162 generation time: 48.57 s
*****************************t=162*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
163 generation time: 48.88 s
*****************************t=163*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 2 0 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 0 3 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
164 generation time: 49.19 s
*****************************t=164*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 3 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
165 generation time: 49.49 s
*****************************t=165*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 2 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 0 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 0 0 1 
166 generation time: 49.76 s
*****************************t=166*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
167 generation time: 50.04 s
*****************************t=167*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
168 generation time: 50.35 s
*****************************t=168*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
169 generation time: 50.66 s
*****************************t=169*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 3 1 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
170 generation time: 50.93 s
*****************************t=170*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 1 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
id1 = 0 id2 = 1
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
171 generation time: 51.22 s
*****************************t=171*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 1 
id1 = 3 id2 = 0
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 3 2 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 2 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
172 generation time: 51.52 s
*****************************t=172*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 2 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
173 generation time: 51.83 s
*****************************t=173*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 1 
174 generation time: 52.09 s
*****************************t=174*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 3 
0 0 1 0 
175 generation time: 52.39 s
*****************************t=175*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
176 generation time: 52.68 s
*****************************t=176*****************************
177 generation time: 52.98 s
*****************************t=177*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
id1 = 1 id2 = 2
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 1 
178 generation time: 53.24 s
*****************************t=178*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
id1 = 2 id2 = 0
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
179 generation time: 53.54 s
*****************************t=179*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 0 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
180 generation time: 53.85 s
*****************************t=180*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
id1 = 1 id2 = 2
181 generation time: 54.14 s
*****************************t=181*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 2 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 1 0 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
1 0 0 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 2 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
182 generation time: 54.44 s
*****************************t=182*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 0 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 2 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 1 
id1 = 2 id2 = 3
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 3 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
183 generation time: 54.73 s
*****************************t=183*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 2 1 
第3个机器: 3 
0 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 2 0 1 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 3 1 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
184 generation time: 55.02 s
*****************************t=184*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
1 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
id1 = 1 id2 = 0
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 3 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 1 3 0 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
185 generation time: 55.32 s
*****************************t=185*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
id1 = 0 id2 = 1
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 1 
第2个机器: 0 2 
第3个机器: 
1 0 1 1 
186 generation time: 55.58 s
*****************************t=186*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 1 
187 generation time: 55.88 s
*****************************t=187*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 
第1个机器: 0 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 1 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 1 
188 generation time: 56.14 s
*****************************t=188*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
189 generation time: 56.42 s
*****************************t=189*****************************
190 generation time: 56.68 s
*****************************t=190*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 1 
第2个机器: 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 2 
第2个机器: 3 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 0 1 0 
191 generation time: 56.97 s
*****************************t=191*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 1 0 
192 generation time: 57.24 s
*****************************t=192*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 1 
第2个机器: 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 1 
id1 = 3 id2 = 2
193 generation time: 57.48 s
*****************************t=193*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
1 1 0 0 
id1 = 0 id2 = 1
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 2 1 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 0 1 
194 generation time: 57.80 s
*****************************t=194*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 0 
第2个机器: 1 
第3个机器: 2 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
195 generation time: 58.14 s
*****************************t=195*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 0 1 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 2 
1 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 3 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 3 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 1 
第2个机器: 0 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
196 generation time: 58.44 s
*****************************t=196*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 1 2 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 1 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 0 
1 1 0 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 0 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 3 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
197 generation time: 58.72 s
*****************************t=197*****************************
198 generation time: 58.98 s
*****************************t=198*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 0 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 3 
第1个机器: 0 1 
第2个机器: 
第3个机器: 2 
1 1 1 0 
199 generation time: 59.26 s
*****************************t=199*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 0 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
200 generation time: 59.56 s
*****************************t=200*****************************
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 3 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 
第3个机器: 
0 0 1 0 
mutation前的机器分布
第0个机器: 
第1个机器: 
第2个机器: 0 1 2 3 
第3个机器: 
0 1 1 0 
201 generation time: 60.05 s
[36.50,0.00,730.00],
computation energy ratio: 1.000000, idle energy ratio: 0.000000, sleep energy ratio: 0.000000
computation time ratio: 1.000000, idle time ratio: 0.000000, sleep time ratio: 0.000000
[289.00,2.00,3112.00],
computation energy ratio: 0.234576, idle energy ratio: 0.765424, sleep energy ratio: 0.000000
computation time ratio: 0.096021, idle time ratio: 0.903979, sleep time ratio: 0.000000
AVERAGE: computation energy ratio: 0.617288, idle energy ratio: 0.382712, 
AVERAGE: computation time ratio: 0.548010, idle time ratio: 0.451990,
x=[36.50 289.00 ];
y=[0.00 2.00 ];
z=[730.00 3112.00 ];
tot = 2
total time: 60.27 s
